Meeting Agenda

  Date: 14 04 08

  Facilitator: Jacob Genander

  Participants: Daniel Jansson, David Michaëlsson, Erik Pihl

1. Objectives (5 min)
	Make the model function without the view (ability to update itself, not only when
	update is called from the view).
	Divide work between the group members and find out what should be done until
	the next group meeting and after the easter break.
	Create a view that represents the Tower.
	Implement views representing the tower building options and properties.
	Possibly make a visual representation of shots.
	

2. Reports (15 min)
	All the issues since last time have been resolved, but new have appeared.
	The model is updated frequently via the update() method that is called from a
	a main class, instead of from the render() method in the Game class from libGDX.
	Make paths work properly.
	Make enemies removable (when they die or reach the end of a path).
	
3. Discussion items (35 min)

Q:	How do we represent a tower in a view?
A:	Since the model is finished, we can now use whatever graphical items we want.
	We will use the libGDX Sprite class. The tower views will be owned by the class
	that represents the game screen, and will be created accordingly to the model
	(if a new wave has 7 enemies, 7 enemy views will be created dynamically).

Q:	How should the sidebar view with tower building options, lives and money look?
A:	See image in ”kort”.

Q:	How should the bottom view that displays tower properties look like?
A:	See image in ”kort”.

Q:	How are we going to implement the different parts of the screen? 
	We have to do some research on how to place different views (of what class?)
	on a screen, similar to JPanel in Swing.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

	Research on how to implement different parts of the screen and how to place
	them on the screen. (All members of the group)

	Implement some sort of visual representation of a tower shooting (the shot) (Jacob)

	Implement view for tower properties (David)

	Implement view for building options (Daniel)

	Implement tower view (Erik)

5. Wrap up

	Next meeting 140410.
